.TH JOBSHOP 1
.SH NAME
jobshop \- JobShop scheduler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jobshop
.RB [ \-d "] [" \-n
.IR <repetitions> ]
.RB [ \-r | \-g | \-l | \-t | \-G | \-m | -o ]
.I <instance>
.P
.BI "jobshop \-v " "<instance> <solution>"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B jobshop
reads one or many jobshop problem instances and computes schedules using various
heuristic algorithms. The mandatory option
.BR \-r ,
.BR \-g ,
.BR \-l ,
.BR \-t ,
.BR \-G ,
.BR \-m " or"
.B \-o
selects the heuristic.
.P
Using the second form, the
.I solution
is verified to be an admissible solution of the
.IR instance .
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -d
Turn on debug mode, producing heuristic specific verbose output.
.IP "-n repetitions"
Repeat the algorithm
.I repetitions
times and output an average of the makespan and processing time.
.IP "-r instance"
Use the random algorithm which produces a pseudo-random admissible solution.
.IP "-g instance"
Use the greedy Earliest Due Date heuristic.
.IP "-l instance"
Use the local descent algorithm.
.IP "-t instance"
Use the tabu search algorithm.
.IP "-G instance"
Use the genetic algorithm with the one-point crossover operation.
.IP "-m instance"
Use the genetic algorithm without any crossover operation.
.IP "-o instance"
Use the genetic algorithm with the partial order crossover operation.
.IP "-v <instance> <solution>
Verify that
.I solution
is an admissible solution of the
.IR instance .
.SH INSTANCE INPUT FORMAT
The instance input format is a human readable text file composed of integer
separated by space.  On the first line the number of job and the number of
ressources is written. Each following line correspond to a job, listing the
machine number and processing for each operation of the job.
.SH OUTPUT
The name of the instance file followed by informations on the computation and
on the solution is output. If there is only one instance to be proceeded that
information is written on stderr and the solution is written on stdout.
Otherwise everything is output on stdout.
.P
The solution format is one line with the number of jobs and the number of
ressources followed by one line for each ressource listing the job numbers.
